archwiki-rs-read-page -- Read a page from the ArchWiki
=====

## SYNOPSIS

`archwiki-rs read-page <PAGE> [OPTIONS]...`

## DESCRIPTION

Fetching Pages

> Pages are queried by name, so passing the arguemt "Polkit" as the value of `PAGE` will
> attemted to fetch a page named "Polkit" from the ArchWiki. If an absolute URL to an
> ArchWiki page is provided (e.g. _https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Installation_guide_) the
> page name will be extracted from the URL and the page will be fetched in the same way as
> if only that page name was provided.

Similar Pages

> When no exact match is found for the provided value of `PAGE` a list of similar pages is returned.
> This list is output to `stderr` and is in the format
>
> `SIMILAR PAGES`<br>
> `page 1`<br>
> `page 2`<br>
> `...`
>
> At most 5 similar pages are printed.

Redirects

> Pages on the ArchWiki can redirect to other pages on the wiki (e.g. "Nvim" redirects to
> "Neovim"). These page redirects are always automatically followed but redirect pages have
> their own `caches`.

Caches

> Any page that is succesfully fetched is cached as a file on disk in the `cache directory`
> (see `man archwiki-rs-info`) for more details. You can pass the `-n|--no-cache-write` flag
> to prevent a cache file from bein created or updated after a page is fetched. By default a
> cache is invalidated if it has not been updated/modified in the last 14 days.
> When a cache is invalidated the page will be re-feteched from the ArchWiki.
>
> Caches can also be ignored manually by passing the `-i|--ignore-cache` flag. If you want to
> disable cache invalidation you can pass the `d|--disable-cache-invalidation` flag.
>
> If a page fetch fails but a stale/invalidated cache exists and the `-i|--ignore-cache`
> flag is not set, the cached file content will be used as a fallback.
>
> Caches are format specific, meaning each format will have its own cache file.

Formats

> Pages can be output in different formats. By default pages are output as plain text. With
> the `-f|--format` option you can set the output format to either `plain-text`, `markdown`,
> or `html`.
>
> A new cache will be created for every format of a page. E.g.
>
> `plain-text   : /path/to/cache/dir/Neovim`<br>
> `markdown     : /path/to/cache/dir/Neovim.md`<br>
> `html         : /path/to/cache/dir/Neovim.html`<br>

## EXAMPLE

`archwiki-rs read-page "Polkit" --format markdown`

> Fetch the page with the name "Polkit" from the ArchWiki and print its content to `stdout`
> as markdown.

`archwiki-rs read-page "Emacs" --no-cache-write --ignore-cache`

> Fetch the page with the name "Emacs" from the ArchWiki and print its content to `stdout`
> as plain text while ignoring any existing cache and not creating a cache if the page is
> successfully fetched.
