archwiki-rs-local-wiki -- Download a copy of the ArchWiki
=====

## SYNOPSIS

`archwiki-rs local-wiki <LOCATION> [OPTIONS]...`

## DESCRIPTION

Preface

> Requiers a page file. Run `archwiki-rs sync-wiki` to create a page file or see `man
> archwiki-rs-sync-wiki` for more information for more information.

Downloading a local wiki

> This command downloads all pages listed in the provided page file. If the page file is the
> default file created by running `archwiki-rs sync-wiki` this will be over 10,000 pages
> which will take at least several mintues to download. If you don't mind increasing the
> load on your CPU and network by a bit you can pick a high value for the
> `-t|--thread-count` option (e.g. `-t 24`). Be aware that by set this value too high
> you are effectively DOSing the ArchWiki which might get you rate limited and is also not
> very nice :-:

Resuming a download

> The default behavior of this command is to not re-download any page that already exists in
> the specified `LOCATION` directory. So any `category + page` pair listed in the pages file
> that already exists is skipped over. If you want to re-download already existing files,
> to get any new edits or for other reasons, you can pass the `-o|--override-existing-files`
> flag.

Layout inside the `LOCATION` directory

> Pages are stored in their direct parent `category`. As a result many pages will appear
> multiple times. For example "Neovim" exists both in the "CLI tools" and the "Text Editor"
> categories.
>
> Category hierarchies are flattened. This means that a category that is a child
> of another category becomes a top level category. So
>
> `Cat_A/Page_1`<br>
> `Cat_A/Cat_B/Page_2`<br>
> `Cat_A/Cat_B/Page_3`<br>
> `Cat_A/Cat_B/Cat_C/Page_4`<br>
>
> Becomes
>
> `Cat_A/Page_1`<br>
> `Cat_B/Page_2`<br>
> `Cat_B/Page_3`<br>
> `Cat_C/Page_4`<br>
>
> Any uncategorized pages are dynamically allocated into dummy categories of the format
> `Uncategorized #X`. A maximum of 500 pages can be in one of these dummy categories at once.
> This splitting is mainly done to make downloads more parallelizable and faster.

## EXAMPLES

`archwiki-rs local-wiki ~/archwiki`

> Download all pages on the ArchWiki in the default format and store them in the
> `~/archwiki` directory. Creates the directory `~/archwiki` if it doesn't already exists
> (non-recursive `mkdir`).

`archwiki-rs local-wiki ~/archwiki --format html`

> Download all pages on the ArchWiki formatted as `html` and store them in the
> `~/archwiki` directory.

## AUTHOR

June L. Gschwantner lucygschwantner@gmail.com
